Tomorrow shall be my dancing day, tomorrow shall be my dancing day.
I've got my trot up in some chest to sing a legend of my place,
to call my trot up to my dance, sing of my love, sing of my song, my love, my love.
Let's have a turn for my tune.
Was I born of a virgin? Was I born of a virgin?
How come that you have fleshly substance, most was I meant to?
And did you, do you love my tune? Do you love my dance?
Sing of my love, my love, my love. Let's have a turn for my tune.
In angelic and mountainous, in an angelic and mountainous,
so fair before this was my chance, between this and the still before us,
to call my tune a tune.
Tomorrow shall be my dancing day, tomorrow shall be my dancing day.
I've got my trot up in some chest to sing a legend of my place,
to call my tune a tune.
Sing of my love, my love, my love. Let's have a turn for my tune.
Thanks for watching!